In the town Covehollow everything was in general just as in most other victorian cities of the time. It was a not very big town but in general really nice and cozy with lots of narrow streets, shops and everything else that should be. The houses were also really nice and in general very large for a such small town. A bit further down the street lived a special guy. He went by the name Mr Turf. He had a really big place just at the corner of the road into the city core. He was an inventor and engineer and by nature a true creator who loved to experiment and test things. All around the house, in his garden and just all around the place his inventions and creations could be seen. on the lawn his automatic lawnmower was rolling around while at the same time adding fertilizer and other things to it making the lawn look like a perfect golf course. There was a walkway between the kitchen down to the large deck outside the livingroom where a cleaning robot was moving around as well in the process of keeping the place tidy and nice, Some other strange contraptions could also be seen moving around there inlcluding what looked like some strange toy robots. Outside the house were some strange light poles blinking and rotating spreading a wobbly light in many different colors around the area. After the mower and the cleaning robots were finished Mr Turf stepped outside  from his really big living room to his large deck and walked up to the grill and started to prepare it for use. "Gonna have something really tasty this summer evning I think, after all I made some great project with my latest project, the Universal Navigator. With this you can find anything everywhere if it works properly. Its gonna revolutuinize navigation in general, on the sea, by rail, by foot. It was gonna be amazing if he just got it to work right. There were still a few quirks to fix but he had made a good and promising progress on the thing already.
After he had grilled and eaten a nice tasty beef in the sun Mr Turf went back inside again and walked downstairs. Here in the basement he had his lab and workshop where he created his inventions and gadgets.
He walked down the stairs and opened the door to the workshop. Among lot of other amazing contraptions, machines and tools right before him sat his latest creation. It looked sort of like the helm control of a large ship. a panel with lots of buttons and different instruments, compasses ect but also designed with mind to be moveable. It could be used as it was or mounded to some form of vehicle to be used as a navigation system. He walked from the door right across the room and sat down at a huge table. Here he made all the drawings and plannig. Also right beside was some couches with a low table between thm where he often sat and relaxed and often took a drink or 2 while wondering about his projects or just had a nice time in general. Like now it was friday evning and he thought if he maybee should take a beer after finishing a bit more on a drawing he just was working on.  He was at the moment finishing the main component of the machine, a gyroscope wich could sense basically an infinite number of directions at same time. The problem he tried to solve at moment was the drive system for the gyroscope disc. He thought he had an idea though. "A magnetic drive, that would be able to spin the disc fast enough to create the right response. Question is how id make that work. Ill think that over in my lounge corner over a beer!"He walked from the drawing board and sat down in his lounge, then opened another of his creations, a small refrigerator where he kept beer as well as some tasty spirits. He took a beer can out and opened it. As he sipped on his beer and relaxed he thought about how to acomplish this task as well what he would do on this weekend.  After a while he drowsed and fell asleep in the couch. As he slept a strange faint deep rumbling soon started to be heard from the outside.