Another day began as usual. However something seemed different. The sky had an unusual very dark purple blue color wich seemed to shift rapidly. It looked almost like some form of northern light, but northern lights here? This was far from the poles! Also this did not look like an ordinary northern light. Many newly awoken people stood in their windows and stared at the strange flaring sky wondering what it could be. In his lab/workshop The Turfer had also recently awoke from last evning. He heard a strange hum from the outside. "This is strange! What is goig on now? Why is it so dark still and what is this strange blue moving light outside?". He walked up to the window and saw the black and blue shifting patterns in the sky. The sky was all black, blacker then in the middle of the night. It was like the sun had vanished or a black hole was eating all the light from it. Only these flaming blue lights was illuminating the surroundings. "Never seen anyhting like this ever! It looks like some form of northern light. However nortern lights are normally only around the poles and also i have NEVER seen a northern light wich look like this! Something weird is going on. Also what is this hum i hear from outside? I better go outside and check this out closer!" He was just getting ready to walk upstairs and go out when suddenly he noticed somthing else starting to happen. Another sound was heard over the hum the distance first slow and then increasing both in speed and intensity. It was not steady like the other but pulsing and it sounded like it came closer and closer as well as increasing in frequency. "What is THAT!?". Then a whirring sound was heard behind him. As he looked around a large compass he had on the wall behind him as well as one mounted at his navigation rig he was in the process of building was spinning around like crazy with at least several 100 rpm and increasing in speed. The pulsing sound from outside got even faster and louder. "UH! This dont seem right!" In the next moment he heard a rattling noise and as he looked toward his workbench he saw metal objects and tools startig to vibrate and then lift of it and hovering in the air! Then these too started to spin around with increasing speed and also begin to move away from the table. Suddenly everything increased in speed rapidly and the tools came flying from the workbench and almost hit him. He had to throw himself aside and down to avoid being hit by hammers, nails and workpieces coming flying. The compass needle on the wall was torn away by its now enormous rotation speed and it as well as basically every metal object in the room started to fly around. Soon there was a tornado of metal flying around the room at great speed. The Turfer sat covering under a worktable and just hoped he would not get hit by any of the chaos and wondering when it would end. Finally after several  minutes it finally calmed down and then stopped completley. As he crawled out from under the table all he could se was total destruction. His entire workshop was completley destroyed including his new creation. All windows were smashed and tools and debris laid everywhere. At least he had barley escaped with not as much as a bruise. As he looked around watching the destructon he wondered in disbelief what really had happened. Based on the fact that everything affected had been metal object he concluded some form of spinning magnetic field must had hit the place and threw everything around, this would explain everything from the compas needles to the flying tools and metal objects. Question was now how to deal with this mess.  His latest creation was also totally destroyed laying in pieces on the floor with everything else. He sighed. "What was this just now!? some kind of weapon?! But who would want to destroy my place." He had as he knew no enemies who would like to destroy him and his creations. Also it did not explain the strange light phenomenon in the sky wich at the moment still continued on with the same dark and blue flashing sky although now a bit calmer. The hum had gone down a bit but was still heard sort of in the distance. It was just like a thunderstorn wich had just gone by. A magnetic thunderstorm! 